Okay, so hopefully at this point,
if you've been following along,
you should have a machine learning
model that you created on your own.
So congrats for creating your first
custom machine learning model.
Even if the accuracy is about 0.5 and
it's not the best right now,
you still created a custom measuring
model with your custom data set as well.
So first of all, pat on the back
to yourself for doing that.
And as we were talking before,
there's a lot of tweaks that you can do.
You can generate a lot of new images,
or you can add layers or change them.
And there's not really, as you can see,
machine learning models,
it's not really a pure function where,
if you give it the same input,
it will give you the same output.
It seems to be changing and the weights
are updated and things like that.
So it's kind of hard to be able to get
the same kind of output out of the model.
But one thing that is for
sure is that we only created for
the images of each type of each label.
And that in general, if you start to talk
to you people who do machine learning day
to day and you told them that you only
have one images that are probably tell you
well, you need a lot more to be able
to find patterns in these images.
So if you're using open
source models that've been
created on at least thousands of images,
if not millions.
But there's one thing that I forgot to
show you that I wanted to add here,
is if you go to the train
drawings.js file.
There's just also a little
function that you can add
here that is called model.summary.
And what this does is just it's going
to print to the terminal the different
layers of your model and
the input shape and output shape.
And just kind of gives you an idea,
and I thought it was interesting.
It's not necessary at all.
As you can see, when we were running
things before, it was running fine and
you could see the different
training stages with the epochs.
But calling model.summary,
if we go to the terminal and
we rerun node train drawings,
it will output this table above here.
That kind of tells you, you can see
the different layers of our model.
So our first layer is a Conv2D, then we
have a max_pooling2d, then we flatten.
And then we have two dense layers.
And here we can see,
over time, the first inputs,
kind of structure that we passed,
it was like 28, 28, 4.
And you can see that the output
of that layer becomes 26, 26, 32.
And here, 32, I believe it's
the filters that we passed in.
And 26,26, I forgot why it just removes 2.
But here, for example,
in our MaxPooling2D,
the input shape is the same as
the output of the previous layer.
And you can see here that
we end up with 13,13.
And because I believe that our
MaxPooling2D was an area of 2 and
2, so
I think it just divides the input by 2.
And here again,
now we move on to our Flatten layer.
And you can see here you have
an array within an array and
what comes out of it is a single array.
And this 5408 is actually 13 by 13 by 32.
So this is what flatten does.
It takes some kinda this multidimensional
array, it flattened it into single one.
And then here in the dense layer for
some reason it still actually
has an array within an array.
But the format here is the 5,408 and
it comes out with 10.
And, again, 10 is the number
that we use for the units.
And, again, units is the kind
of the shape of your output or
the number of your output.
And thenin our final layer, because
we have two classes, if you remember,
we have a final dense layer that
takes that as an input, and
we have an output just the number 2
because the center number of our classes.
So when you call the model.summary, it
kind of gives you a bit of a visualization
as a table of the different steps.
So sometimes you could also maybe use
this to kinda give you an idea of
maybe certain things
that you should change.
But I thought that it was just
a nice thing to mention to more of.
Have a visualization of what's
going on in your training process.